Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-
Why aren't you
answering my texts?
I don't know... I thought...
I found this in my
father's office.
She sounded French.
You said they were American.
The man was.
Tim?
Do you have some identification?
I lost my bag when I ran away.
My passport...
my phone. all my money.
And you're sure this
wasn't some kind of...
misunderstanding?
What?
Tourists come here to enjoy
what Tokyo has to offer.
The nightlife. Some karaoke.
But...
it's easy to overindulge.
You think I'm drunk?
I was almost kidnapped!
If you feel you are in danger...
I would recommend you
contact the American Embassy.
Wait here.
I will get you the address.
I'm home.
Welcome back.
Have you had dinner?
I'm not hungry.
You haven't?
I was going to
warm up the curry.
What's this?
His life was not easy. you know.
He lost so much
when he was young.
You're defending him?
Aren't you angry?
You're angry. Kentaro.
Do you feel better?
What are you doing?
Now I'm angry too.
Join me. Kentaro.
Seriously?!
Throw it!
More.
Here.
Now we both feel better. right?
A little.
I'll warm up the curry.
Hiroshi was eighteen when
his father died in Vietnam.
His Uncle Lee was the
only family he had left.
If they were so close. why
didn't Dad ever mention him?
I think something
happened between them.
He didn't like to talk about
some parts of his life.
Is he still alive?
Oh. I don't know.
This would have been
a long time ago.
Sorry.
"CALL ME! IT'S IMPORTANT!"
I'll get it.
Thank you.
Good Evening.
Do you speak English?
Who are they?
Kentaro...?
It's okay.
There's something
that your son stole.
He's going to have
to come with us.
Is it true?
Did you take
something of theirs?
They say I stole some files.
Enough.
Let's have it.
If he returns whatever he
took. will you leave him alone?
Of course.
If you have what they
are looking for...
you should give it to them.
Are you sure?
It must be very important.
I hope my son hasn't
caused any trouble for you.
He's a good man now.
but when he was younger
there were so many problems!
So much drinking!
I wanted him to
find a nice girl.
Someone to settle him down.
You are very attractive.
Are you single?
Kentaro. run!
Going to the back.
Okay.
You're here to see the Colonel?
Yes. we are.
If he's still alive.
So. we can see the Colonel?
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today